c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.DialogBox.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.EnterPass.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Izvjestaji.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Klijent.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.listaGostiju.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.NoviPodsjetnik.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Opcije.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Podsjetnici.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.PrijavaGosta.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Rezervacije.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Soba.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.SobeZaCiscenje.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.Startni.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\bin\Release\HotelBob.exe
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\bin\Release\HotelBob.pdb
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\bin\Release\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.exe
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelBob\HotelBob\obj\Release\HotelBob.pdb
